Index	Element	Rules	Practices
1.01	Product Owner	The Product Owner is responsible for maximizing the value of the product and the work of the Development Team.	PO is defining goals of the product and individual releases
1.02	Product Owner	The Product Owner is responsible for maximizing the value of the product and the work of the Development Team.	PO is having a view or ownership of the budgets and understanding constraints (e.g. Budget)
1.03	Product Owner	The Product Owner is responsible for maximizing the value of the product and the work of the Development Team.	PO is managing expectations upwards and downwards
1.04	Product Owner	The Product Owner is responsible for maximizing the value of the product and the work of the Development Team.	PO is reviewing and approving PBI acceptance tests, acceptance criteria, sprint goal and other requirements
1.05	Product Owner	The Product Owner is responsible for maximizing the value of the product and the work of the Development Team.	PO is owning product vision, strategy and roadmap
1.06	Product Owner	The Product Owner is the sole person responsible for managing the Product Backlog.	The Product Owner is one person, not a committee
1.07	Product Owner	The Product Owner is the sole person responsible for managing the Product Backlog.	A change in priorities is driven by the Product Owner
1.08	Product Owner	The Product Owner is the sole person responsible for managing the Product Backlog.	PO is ordering items in the Product Backlog and is able to explain stakeholders the rational behind it
1.09	Product Owner	The Product Owner is the sole person responsible for managing the Product Backlog.	PO is responsible to keep Product Backlog visible, transparent, and clear to all, and shows what the Scrum Team will work on next 
1.1	Product Owner	The Product Owner is the sole person responsible for managing the Product Backlog.	PO is ensuring that the Development Team understands items in the Product Backlog.
1.11	Product Owner	For the Product Owner to succeed, the entire organization must respect his or her decisions.	The Product Owner’s decisions are visible in the content and ordering of the Product Backlog
1.12	Product Owner	For the Product Owner to succeed, the entire organization must respect his or her decisions.	PO is ensuring that no one is telling the Development Team to work from a different set of requirements
1.13	Product Owner	For the Product Owner to succeed, the entire organization must respect his or her decisions.	The Development Team isn’t acting on what anyone else says
1.14	Product Owner	For the Product Owner to succeed, the entire organization must respect his or her decisions.	PO is accepting or rejecting work results
1.15	Product Owner	For the Product Owner to succeed, the entire organization must respect his or her decisions.	PO is resolving priority conflicts
2.01	Development Team	The Development Team consists of professionals who do the work of delivering a potentially releasable Increment of “Done” product at the end of each Sprint.	Development Team is accountable for delivering the Increment.
2.02	Development Team	The Development Team consists of professionals who do the work of delivering a potentially releasable Increment of “Done” product at the end of each Sprint.	Development Team is cross-functional, with all of the skills as a team necessary to create a product Increment
2.03	Development Team	The Development Team consists of professionals who do the work of delivering a potentially releasable Increment of “Done” product at the end of each Sprint.	Accountability for delivering increment is belonging to the Development Team as a whole, not individual senior team members.
2.04	Development Team	The Development Team consists of professionals who do the work of delivering a potentially releasable Increment of “Done” product at the end of each Sprint.	There are no clear separation in titles. Everyone in the Development Team takes accountability to do the best they can, helping each other to achieve the best possible outcomes
2.05	Development Team	The Development Team consists of professionals who do the work of delivering a potentially releasable Increment of “Done” product at the end of each Sprint.	Development Team is owning development process under Scrum framework and improving its own engineering practice (automation, design, architecture, documentation, etc)
2.06	Development Team	Development Teams are structured and empowered by the organization to organize and manage their own work	Development Team is self-organizing. No one (not even the Scrum Master) tells the Development Team how to turn Product Backlog into Increments of potentially releasable functionality
2.07	Development Team	Development Teams are structured and empowered by the organization to organize and manage their own work	Development Team is having no sub-teams, regardless of particular domains that need to be addressed like testing or business analysis
2.08	Development Team	Development Teams are structured and empowered by the organization to organize and manage their own work	Development Team size is not less than 3 and not more than 9
2.09	Development Team	Development Teams are structured and empowered by the organization to organize and manage their own work	Development Team is owning application design and architecture
3.01	Development Team	Development Teams are structured and empowered by the organization to organize and manage their own work	Development Team is commiting to create and implement improvement plan
3.02	Scrum Master	The Scrum Master is responsible for ensuring Scrum is understood and enacted.	The Scrum Master is ensuring that the Scrum Team adheres to Scrum theory, practices, and rules
3.03	Scrum Master	The Scrum Master is responsible for ensuring Scrum is understood and enacted.	The Scrum Master is coaching the Development Team in organizational environments in which Scrum is not yet fully adopted and understood.
3.04	Scrum Master	The Scrum Master is responsible for ensuring Scrum is understood and enacted.	The Scrum Master is ensuring the Product Owner knows how to arrange the Product Backlog to maximize value
3.05	Scrum Master	The Scrum Master is responsible for ensuring Scrum is understood and enacted.	The Scrum Master is managing Scrum Team using servant leadership techniques.
3.06	Scrum Master	The Scrum Master is responsible for ensuring Scrum is understood and enacted.	The Scrum Master is facilitating Scrum events as requested or needed.
3.07	Scrum Master	Removing impediments to the Development Team’s progress	The Scrum Master is helping those outside the Scrum Team understand which of their interactions with the Scrum Team are helpful and which aren’t
3.08	Scrum Master	Removing impediments to the Development Team’s progress	The Scrum Master is helping everyone change interactions to maximize the value created by the Scrum Team
3.09	Scrum Master	Removing impediments to the Development Team’s progress	The Scrum Master is finding new techniques for effective Product Backlog management
3.1	Scrum Master	Removing impediments to the Development Team’s progress	The Scrum Master is coaching the organization (client\vendor) in its Scrum adoption
3.11	Scrum Master	Removing impediments to the Development Team’s progress	The Scrum Master is causing change that increases the productivity of the Scrum Team
4.01	Sprint	No changes made to Sprint Backlog that could endanger the Sprint Goal	Scrum Team (all memebers) is having ONE shared goal for the current Sprint
4.02	Sprint	No changes made to Sprint Backlog that could endanger the Sprint Goal	The Sprint Goal is expressing business value of the Increment
4.03	Sprint	No changes made to Sprint Backlog that could endanger the Sprint Goal	The DT is showing oppennes when PO makes changes to the scope (requirements) of the current Sprint aligned to the Sprint Goal
4.04	Sprint	No changes made to Sprint Backlog that could endanger the Sprint Goal	The PO is showing respect for the current Sprint Goal and doesn't disrupt Developmnt Team focus with other tasks which are not aligned to the Sprint Goal
4.05	Sprint	No changes made to Sprint Backlog that could endanger the Sprint Goal	The DT is demonstrating courage to say NO when the changes to the scope and priorities of the current Sprint are not aligned to the Sprint Goal
4.06	Sprint	Sprint is time-boxed of one month or less during which a “Done”, useable, and potentially releasable product Increment is created	"The definition of ""Done"" (DoD ) of the Sprint is including all activities (development, testing, documentation) to create usable and potentially releasable product Increment"
4.07	Sprint	Sprint is time-boxed of one month or less during which a “Done”, useable, and potentially releasable product Increment is created	The Scrum Team is never extending the initially agreed time-box of the Sprint 
4.08	Sprint	Sprint is time-boxed of one month or less during which a “Done”, useable, and potentially releasable product Increment is created	The DT is always committing to do all activities to meet DoD within time-box of the Sprint
4.09	Sprint	Sprint is time-boxed of one month or less during which a “Done”, useable, and potentially releasable product Increment is created	The SM is always setting impediments removal as a first priority
4.1	Sprint	Sprint is time-boxed of one month or less during which a “Done”, useable, and potentially releasable product Increment is created	New Sprint is starting immediately after the conclusion of the previous Sprint
4.11	Sprint	Quality goals do not decrease	The Scrum Team is understanding the quality goals and it is documented within DoD
4.12	Sprint	Quality goals do not decrease	The Product Owner and stakeholders are showing respect to the quality goals (DoD) and never trying to push DT to complete more features obove their normal capacity
4.13	Sprint	Quality goals do not decrease	The DT is opnly discussing problems with quality and together with Product Owner are trying to find a solution without postponing it to the next Sprint
4.14	Sprint	Quality goals do not decrease	There are tools which are capturing relevant code quality and product quality metrics transparent to the entire organization. 
4.15	Sprint	Quality goals do not decrease	The DT team is committing to inspect quality metrics and instantly adapt the quality 
4.16	Sprint	Scope may be clarified and re-negotiated between the Product Owner and Development Team as more is learned.	The PO is committing to clarify questions as Development Team is discovering the unexpected variances
4.17	Sprint	Scope may be clarified and re-negotiated between the Product Owner and Development Team as more is learned.	There are no delays in clarification process between DT and PO and SM usually helps DT to make the clarification process time effective
4.18	Sprint	Scope may be clarified and re-negotiated between the Product Owner and Development Team as more is learned.	When changing the the scope and re-negotiating, the PO is showing respect for the remaining DT remaining capacity for the rest of the Sprint
4.19	Sprint	Scope may be clarified and re-negotiated between the Product Owner and Development Team as more is learned.	"When DT is demonstrating slower progress of the Sprint Backlog tasks, the PO is open to reduce the scope of SB and has a courage to tell stakeholders ""bad news"""
4.2	Sprint	Scope may be clarified and re-negotiated between the Product Owner and Development Team as more is learned.	The PO is not trying to change the requirements of the current Sprint whitout letting know the entire DT first. 
5.01	Sprint Planning	Sprint Planning takes place, the attendants understand its purpose and key rules	Every member of the Scrum Team is showing-up on the Sprint Planning, including PO (mandatory) and SM (if needed). Entire Scrum Team is demonstrating commitment to collaboratively create a plan for the next Sprint. 
5.02	Sprint Planning	Sprint Planning takes place, the attendants understand its purpose and key rules	Sprint Planning is time-boxed to a maximum of eight hours for a one-month Sprint and 4 hours for a two-week Sprint. Entire Scrum Team respect this time-box
5.03	Sprint Planning	Sprint Planning takes place, the attendants understand its purpose and key rules	Every Sprint is starting from the Sprint Planning immediately after Sprint Retrospective whithout any delays
5.04	Sprint Planning	Sprint Planning takes place, the attendants understand its purpose and key rules	Every team member is open to proactively participate in the Sprint Planning Session (no complains)
5.05	Sprint Planning	Sprint Planning takes place, the attendants understand its purpose and key rules	The Development Team is inviting other people to attend Sprint Planning in order to provide technical or domain expertise, if needed.
5.06	Sprint Planning	Sprint Planning answers the following: What can be delivered in the Increment resulting from the upcoming Sprint?	The Product Owner agree with Development Team the objective that the Sprint should achieve and the Product Backlog items that, if completed in the Sprint, would achieve the Sprint Goal
5.07	Sprint Planning	Sprint Planning answers the following: What can be delivered in the Increment resulting from the upcoming Sprint?	In the Sprint Planning meeting the Development Team can produce forecast for the Sprint (DoD, Sprint Backlog, Projected Capacity, Past Performance)
5.08	Sprint Planning	Sprint Planning answers the following: What can be delivered in the Increment resulting from the upcoming Sprint?	Only Development Team decides the number of items selected from the Product Backlog for the Sprint
5.09	Sprint Planning	Sprint Planning answers the following: What can be delivered in the Increment resulting from the upcoming Sprint?	The Development Team don't provide strong commitment on the scope, but provides a commitment to achieve the best they can given the agreed Sprint Goal (one sentense business objective)
5.1	Sprint Planning	Sprint Planning answers the following: What can be delivered in the Increment resulting from the upcoming Sprint?	The Development Team respect priorities set by Product Owner and make plan accordingly
5.11	Sprint Planning	Sprint Planning answers the following: How will the work needed to deliver the Increment be achieved?	All Development Team members discusses on the Sprint Planning intended system design and the work needed to convert the Product Backlog into a working product Increment.
5.12	Sprint Planning	Sprint Planning answers the following: How will the work needed to deliver the Increment be achieved?	The Development Team forecast what it believes it can do in the upcoming Sprint and includes just enough work to the Sprint Backlog
5.13	Sprint Planning	Sprint Planning answers the following: How will the work needed to deliver the Increment be achieved?	The Development Team decompose planned work to units of one day or less
5.14	Sprint Planning	Sprint Planning answers the following: How will the work needed to deliver the Increment be achieved?	The Development Team self-organizes to undertake the work in the Sprint Backlog, both during Sprint Planning and as needed throughout the Sprint. No assignments.
5.15	Sprint Planning	Sprint Planning answers the following: How will the work needed to deliver the Increment be achieved?	"Not ""Ready"" PBIs are not included into the Sprint scope until analysis is Done"
5.16	Sprint Planning	By the end of the Sprint Planning, the Development Team should be able to explain to the Product Owner and Scrum Master how it intends to work as a self-organizing team to accomplish the Sprint Goal and create the anticipated Increment.	Sprint Goal is clear and set by the Product Owner in agreement with Development Team
5.17	Sprint Planning	By the end of the Sprint Planning, the Development Team should be able to explain to the Product Owner and Scrum Master how it intends to work as a self-organizing team to accomplish the Sprint Goal and create the anticipated Increment.	If the Development Team determines it has too much or too little work, it has a courage to renegotiate the selected Product Backlog items with the Product Owner.
5.18	Sprint Planning	By the end of the Sprint Planning, the Development Team should be able to explain to the Product Owner and Scrum Master how it intends to work as a self-organizing team to accomplish the Sprint Goal and create the anticipated Increment.	The Product Owner is committed to clarify the selected Product Backlog items and make trade-offs.
5.19	Sprint Planning	By the end of the Sprint Planning, the Development Team should be able to explain to the Product Owner and Scrum Master how it intends to work as a self-organizing team to accomplish the Sprint Goal and create the anticipated Increment.	Sprint Backlog is created by the end of the Sprint Planning
5.2	Sprint Planning	By the end of the Sprint Planning, the Development Team should be able to explain to the Product Owner and Scrum Master how it intends to work as a self-organizing team to accomplish the Sprint Goal and create the anticipated Increment.	The Development Team starts to work in the Sprint immediately after Sprint Planning
6.01	Daily Scrum	The Daily Scrum is held at the same time and place each day to reduce complexity.	The Daily Scrum is always 15-minute time-boxed event
6.02	Daily Scrum	The Daily Scrum is held at the same time and place each day to reduce complexity.	The Daily Scrum is used only for the Development Team to synchronize activities and create a plan for the next 24 hours.
6.03	Daily Scrum	The Daily Scrum is held at the same time and place each day to reduce complexity.	The Development Team is responsible for conducting the Daily Scrum.
6.04	Daily Scrum	The Daily Scrum is held at the same time and place each day to reduce complexity.	The Scrum Master has a courage to enforce the rule that only Development Team members participate in the Daily Scrum.
6.05	Daily Scrum	The Daily Scrum is held at the same time and place each day to reduce complexity.	The Scrum Master is committed to teach the Development Team to keep the Daily Scrum within the 15-minute time-box and.
6.06	Daily Scrum	The Daily Scrum is used by Development Team to optimize the probability that it will meet the Sprint Goal.	"During the meeting, the Development Team members explain to each other:
 * What did I do yesterday that helped the Development Team meet the Sprint Goal?
 * What will I do today to help the Development Team meet the Sprint Goal?
 * Do I see any impediment that prevents me or the Development Team from meeting the Sprint Goal?"
6.07	Daily Scrum	The Daily Scrum is used by Development Team to optimize the probability that it will meet the Sprint Goal.	During the Daily Scrum the Development Team inspect how progress is trending toward completing the work in the Sprint Backlog.
6.08	Daily Scrum	The Daily Scrum is used by Development Team to optimize the probability that it will meet the Sprint Goal.	For detailed discussions, or to adapt, or replan, the rest of the Sprint’s work the Development Team or team members meet immediately after Scrum
6.09	Daily Scrum	The Daily Scrum is used by Development Team to optimize the probability that it will meet the Sprint Goal.	All team members has a courage to share their impediments. After Daily Scrum list of imediments is created 
6.1	Daily Scrum	The Daily Scrum is used by Development Team to optimize the probability that it will meet the Sprint Goal.	When the progress is slow the Development Team is open to share it with Product Owner and re-negotiate the scope of the current Sprint
7.01	Sprint Review	The event takes place and attendants understand its purpose	This is a four-hour time-boxed meeting for one-month Sprints.
7.02	Sprint Review	The event takes place and attendants understand its purpose	A Sprint Review is held at the end of the Sprint to inspect the Increment and adapt the Product Backlog if needed
7.03	Sprint Review	The event takes place and attendants understand its purpose	Attendees include the Scrum Team and key stakeholders invited by the Product Owner
7.04	Sprint Review	The event takes place and attendants understand its purpose	This is an informal meeting, not a status meeting
7.05	Sprint Review	The event takes place and attendants understand its purpose	The Development Team prepares presentation of the Increment so that it helps to elicit feedback from stakeholders and foster collaboration.
7.06	Sprint Review	During the Sprint Review, the Scrum Team and stakeholders collaborate about what was done in the Sprint	The Product Owner explains what Product Backlog items have been “Done” and what has not been “Done”
7.07	Sprint Review	During the Sprint Review, the Scrum Team and stakeholders collaborate about what was done in the Sprint	The Development Team discusses what went well during the Sprint, what problems it ran into, and how those problems were solved
7.08	Sprint Review	During the Sprint Review, the Scrum Team and stakeholders collaborate about what was done in the Sprint	The Development Team demonstrates the work that it has “Done” and answers questions about the Increment
7.09	Sprint Review	During the Sprint Review, the Scrum Team and stakeholders collaborate about what was done in the Sprint	The Product Owner discusses the Product Backlog as it stands. He or she projects likely completion dates based on progress to date (if needed)
7.1	Sprint Review	During the Sprint Review, the Scrum Team and stakeholders collaborate about what was done in the Sprint	The PO is committed to transform feedback into PBIs
7.11	Sprint Review	The entire group collaborates on what to do next, so that the Sprint Review provides valuable input to subsequent Sprint Planning	The entire group (Stakeholders and Scrum Team) collaborates on what to do next, so that the Sprint Review provides valuable input to subsequent Sprint Planning
7.12	Sprint Review	The entire group collaborates on what to do next, so that the Sprint Review provides valuable input to subsequent Sprint Planning	Review of how the marketplace or potential use of the product might have changed what is the most valuable thing to do next and,
7.13	Sprint Review	The entire group collaborates on what to do next, so that the Sprint Review provides valuable input to subsequent Sprint Planning	Review of the timeline, budget, potential capabilities, and marketplace for the next anticipated release of the product.
7.14	Sprint Review	The entire group collaborates on what to do next, so that the Sprint Review provides valuable input to subsequent Sprint Planning	Review how Team Impediments can be solved
7.15	Sprint Review	The entire group collaborates on what to do next, so that the Sprint Review provides valuable input to subsequent Sprint Planning	Review team metrics and improvement progress
8.01	Sprint Retrospective	Event takes place and attendants understand its purpose	This is a three-hour time-boxed meeting for one-month Sprints. For shorter Sprints, the event is usually shorter.
8.02	Sprint Retrospective	Event takes place and attendants understand its purpose	The Sprint Retrospective occurs after the Sprint Review and prior to the next Sprint Planning
8.03	Sprint Retrospective	Event takes place and attendants understand its purpose	Scrum Team to inspect itself and create a plan for improvements to be enacted during the next Sprint
8.04	Sprint Retrospective	Event takes place and attendants understand its purpose	Every member of the Development Team shows-up on the Sprint Planning, including PO (if needed) and Scrum Master participates as a peer team member in the meeting from the accountability over the Scrum process.  
8.05	Sprint Retrospective	Event takes place and attendants understand its purpose	Scrum Team inspect how the last Sprint went with regards to people, relationships, process, and tools
8.06	Sprint Retrospective	By the end of the Sprint Retrospective, the Scrum Team should have identified improvements that it will implement in the next Sprint. 	Scrum Team identify and order the major items that went well and potential improvements
8.07	Sprint Retrospective	By the end of the Sprint Retrospective, the Scrum Team should have identified improvements that it will implement in the next Sprint. 	Scrum Team creates a plan for implementing improvements to the way the Scrum Team does its work.
8.08	Sprint Retrospective	By the end of the Sprint Retrospective, the Scrum Team should have identified improvements that it will implement in the next Sprint. 	The Scrum Master encourages the Scrum Team to improve, within the Scrum process framework, its development process and practices to make it more effective and enjoyable for the next Sprint.
8.09	Sprint Retrospective	By the end of the Sprint Retrospective, the Scrum Team should have identified improvements that it will implement in the next Sprint. 	During each Sprint Retrospective, the Scrum Team plans ways to increase product quality by adapting the definition of “Done” as appropriate.
8.1	Sprint Retrospective	By the end of the Sprint Retrospective, the Scrum Team should have identified improvements that it will implement in the next Sprint. 	All Scrum Team memebres demonstrate responsibility to plan and implement improvements
9.01	Product Backlog	The Product Backlog is an ordered list of everything that might be needed in the product and is the single source of requirements for any changes to be made to the product. 	Product Backlog priorities are always up-to-date
9.02	Product Backlog	The Product Backlog is an ordered list of everything that might be needed in the product and is the single source of requirements for any changes to be made to the product. 	All features, functions, requirements, enhancements, and fixes that constitute the changes to be made to the product in future releases are listed in the single Product Backlog
9.03	Product Backlog	The Product Backlog is an ordered list of everything that might be needed in the product and is the single source of requirements for any changes to be made to the product. 	A Product Backlog is never complete and contains product items for the next 6-8 Sprints 
9.04	Product Backlog	The Product Backlog is an ordered list of everything that might be needed in the product and is the single source of requirements for any changes to be made to the product. 	Product Backlog can be easely transformed into Release Roadmap for the next 6-8 Sprints 
9.05	Product Backlog	The Product Backlog is an ordered list of everything that might be needed in the product and is the single source of requirements for any changes to be made to the product. 	Can be easely understood by business stakeholders
9.06	Product Backlog	Product Backlog items have the attributes of a description, order, estimate and value.	Product Backlog items at the top of the list are testable and contain acceptance criteria for the next Sprint. 
9.07	Product Backlog	Product Backlog items have the attributes of a description, order, estimate and value.	Entire Product Backlog is estimated. It can be used to forecast completion dates of the strategic part
9.08	Product Backlog	Product Backlog items have the attributes of a description, order, estimate and value.	Every item described the way that business understand its value, and this value was shared with the team so everyone clearly understands business purpose and priority of the story
9.09	Product Backlog	Product Backlog items have the attributes of a description, order, estimate and value.	Items at the top of the list are sized right. Any one item can reasonably be “Done” within the Sprint time-box. 
9.1	Product Backlog	Product Backlog items have the attributes of a description, order, estimate and value.	Development Team understands impact of PBI not being delivered on time (e.g. lost business opportunities or deadline for some regulatory changes)
9.11	Product Backlog	Product Backlog refinement is the act of adding detail, estimates, and order to items in the Product Backlog.	Entire Scrum Team has regular PBR meetings on weekly basis to collaborate on the details of Product Backlog items
9.12	Product Backlog	Product Backlog refinement is the act of adding detail, estimates, and order to items in the Product Backlog.	Refinement usually consumes no more than 10% of the capacity of the Development Team.
9.13	Product Backlog	Product Backlog refinement is the act of adding detail, estimates, and order to items in the Product Backlog.	PBR meetings are well facilitated and time-boxed with clear agenda
9.14	Product Backlog	Product Backlog refinement is the act of adding detail, estimates, and order to items in the Product Backlog.	The Development Team is responsible for all estimates in the Product Backlog and during PBR meetings team is updating estimates
9.15	Product Backlog	Product Backlog refinement is the act of adding detail, estimates, and order to items in the Product Backlog.	The Product Owner is helping the Development Team to understand and select trade-offs during estimation process
9.16	Product Backlog	Product Backlog items that can be “Done” by the Development Team within one Sprint are deemed “Ready” for selection in a Sprint Planning.	"Product Backlog items has ""Ready"" for development status"
9.17	Product Backlog	Product Backlog items that can be “Done” by the Development Team within one Sprint are deemed “Ready” for selection in a Sprint Planning.	"The team is always has enough ""Ready"" for development items before the next Sprint Planning"
9.18	Product Backlog	Product Backlog items that can be “Done” by the Development Team within one Sprint are deemed “Ready” for selection in a Sprint Planning.	PBR process also includes a time for Development Team to accomplish reasonable technical investigations in case when they are not able to provide good estimate for top priority items
9.19	Product Backlog	Product Backlog items that can be “Done” by the Development Team within one Sprint are deemed “Ready” for selection in a Sprint Planning.	Scrum Team is splitting Product Backlog items when it is too big to accomplish according to DoD within the next Sprint 
9.2	Product Backlog	Product Backlog items that can be “Done” by the Development Team within one Sprint are deemed “Ready” for selection in a Sprint Planning.	For top priority items the Scrum Team is providing well refined acceptance criteria and other requirements approved by the Product Owner
10.01	Sprint Backlog	The Sprint Backlog is the set of Product Backlog items selected for the Sprint, plus a plan for delivering the product Increment and realizing the Sprint Goal.	Only Development Team can create or change tasks in the Sprint Backlog 
10.02	Sprint Backlog	The Sprint Backlog is the set of Product Backlog items selected for the Sprint, plus a plan for delivering the product Increment and realizing the Sprint Goal.	The Sprint Backlog is a plan with enough detail that changes in progress can be understood in the Daily Scrum
10.03	Sprint Backlog	The Sprint Backlog is the set of Product Backlog items selected for the Sprint, plus a plan for delivering the product Increment and realizing the Sprint Goal.	Sprint Backlog containins all the tasks to turn at least one PBI into usable and releasable Increment according to DoD
10.04	Sprint Backlog	The Sprint Backlog is the set of Product Backlog items selected for the Sprint, plus a plan for delivering the product Increment and realizing the Sprint Goal.	Sprint Backlog containins tasks from the previous Retrospective meeting
10.05	Sprint Backlog	The Sprint Backlog is the set of Product Backlog items selected for the Sprint, plus a plan for delivering the product Increment and realizing the Sprint Goal.	Sprint Backlog contains tasks for analysis and PBR activities
10.06	Sprint Backlog	The Development Team modifies the Sprint Backlog throughout the Sprint, and the Sprint Backlog emerges during the Sprint.	Any Development Team member can add, delete or change the Sprint Backlog. Update work remaining as more is known, as items are worked
10.07	Sprint Backlog	The Development Team modifies the Sprint Backlog throughout the Sprint, and the Sprint Backlog emerges during the Sprint.	Development Team has a consistent agreement of how to estimate efforts: pure efforts or including meetings, possible impediments, delays, etc
10.08	Sprint Backlog	The Development Team modifies the Sprint Backlog throughout the Sprint, and the Sprint Backlog emerges during the Sprint.	Development Team members sign up for tasks, they aren't assigned by Scrum Master or Manager
10.09	Sprint Backlog	The Development Team modifies the Sprint Backlog throughout the Sprint, and the Sprint Backlog emerges during the Sprint.	Estimated work remaining is updated daily
10.1	Sprint Backlog	The Development Team modifies the Sprint Backlog throughout the Sprint, and the Sprint Backlog emerges during the Sprint.	The Development Team tracks the total work remaining at least for every Daily Scrum to project the likelihood of achieving the Sprint Goal.
11.01	Increment	At the end of a Sprint, the new Increment must be “Done,” which means it must be in useable condition and meet the Scrum Team’s definition of “Done.”	DoD checklist should consist of valuable activities required to produce high potentally releasable increment.
11.02	Increment	At the end of a Sprint, the new Increment must be “Done,” which means it must be in useable condition and meet the Scrum Team’s definition of “Done.”	Scrum Teams and Stakeholders similarily understand what “Done” means.
11.03	Increment	At the end of a Sprint, the new Increment must be “Done,” which means it must be in useable condition and meet the Scrum Team’s definition of “Done.”	DoD is not static and expanded over a time. Sometimes inspected and adapted during Sprint Retrospective meeting
11.04	Increment	At the end of a Sprint, the new Increment must be “Done,” which means it must be in useable condition and meet the Scrum Team’s definition of “Done.”	The definition of “done” is used to assess when work is complete on the product Increment.
11.05	Increment	At the end of a Sprint, the new Increment must be “Done,” which means it must be in useable condition and meet the Scrum Team’s definition of “Done.”	"The definition of ""done"" for an increment includes conventions, standards or guidelines of the development organization"
11.06	Increment	Development Teams deliver an Increment of product functionality every Sprint.	Increment is useable, so a Product Owner may choose to immediately release it
11.07	Increment	Development Teams deliver an Increment of product functionality every Sprint.	Each Increment is additive to all prior Increments and thoroughly tested, ensuring that all Increments work together.
11.08	Increment	Development Teams deliver an Increment of product functionality every Sprint.	Development Team is committed to remove all the impediments to achieve releasable and usable state by the end of the Sprint
11.09	Increment	Development Teams deliver an Increment of product functionality every Sprint.	Multiple teams works in the same Sprint and achieve integrated Increment
11.1	Increment	Development Teams deliver an Increment of product functionality every Sprint.	Business Stakeholders are able to assess Product Increment value by the end of the Sprint and provide feedback on the Product 
